In the last lecture we restructured our code.
We put the subscription to angle or fire or wya angle or fire into the training service.
So did we fetched the available exercises in that service and set up this subscription year in the new
training component.
We then only subscribed to changes in these are whaleboat exercises and not directly to angular fire.
This is just one possible set up that removes the complexity from our template or from our component
and moves it into the service.
Now one thing is important to consider though we call fetch available exercises whenever the new training
component gets created.
And this would be the case whenever we navigate to it if we navigate away from it.
We never tear down the existing subscription which gets initialized in fact available exercises we do
set this up whenever we call this method.
Now let's find out if that is a problem in the SUBSCRIBE method.
In the service lets simply console log exercises if its automatically only using one subscription at
a time then we don't need to do clean up and we can find out if that's the case by the fact that we
only see one console log with an array of all exercises.
If we navigate back and forth to new training and we get more and more exercises being locked then we
definitely need to clean up manually.
So let's save this.
And let's then lock back in so I'll enter some dummy data.
And we see one log the first time we are here.
Now let's go to past exercises and back to New exercise.
We don't see a lot here.
Right.
So nothing changed.
If I now start an exercise here and I go back now we see another law being printed but this is only
one.
Keep that in mind.
We didn't see two here.
I can prove this by clearing the log.
And again starting an exercise and going back.
Now it's only one log.
So even though we reloaded this component and therefore re executed fecche available exercises we only
get one log.
So this subscription replaces itself.
We're not polluting the memory.
We only got one and this is something you have to keep in mind.
So dessous managed for us all I'll as costs a lot.
And with that knowledge to is managed for as we can move on and do for things like for example store
exercises that we complete that in the database.